Update User Guide for `updatephoto` command (#152)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T13-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

###  Update contact's photo: `updatephoto`

> Besides the ability to edit a contact's information, CampusConnect also provides you with the freedom to customise how it looks in your address book.

Reviewer: let us standardize the nouns we use! `address book` should be replaced. also, let us consider the value proposition of your feature as well for the user. (updatephoto does not seem like a customization)

perhaps consider the following

```suggestion
If you are afraid that you may forget who the saved contact is in CampusConnect, our application enables you to update the photo of your contact so that you can visually remember and recognize them!
```

This feature involves the command: `updatephoto`, which updates the photo of an existing contact.

Format: `updatephoto PERSON_INDEX [path/NEW_PHOTO_PATH]`

<box type="info" icon=":fa-solid-magnifying-glass:">

Below are some examples on how to use the command:

> * `updatephoto 1 path/C:/photos/new_johndoe.jpg`: Updates the photo for the first person in the address book with a new image from the specified path.

Reviewer: lets standardize the way we describe the functionality of the example commands given

```suggestion
* `updatephoto 1 path/C:/photos/new_johndoe.jpg`: Updates the photo to the contact at index 1 with a new image from the specified path.
```

> * `updatephoto 2 path/D:/images/new_betsycrowe.png`: Updates the photo for the second person in the address book with a new image from the specified path.

Reviewer: ditto

</box>  

<box type="warning">

* You should provide a positive integer that is smaller than or equal to the number of contacts currently displayed in CampusConnect for `PERSON_INDEX`. 

> * You are required to input the absolute path to the photo for this command. If you use an invalid path, a default photo will be chosen for your specified contact.

Reviewer: should we consider users' POV? they may not necessarily understand what `absolute path` means. Perhaps can refer to the above example and explain? Or simpler, you can guide users how to obtain the absolute path

This feature involves the command: `updatephoto`, which updates the photo of an existing contact.

Format: `updatephoto PERSON_INDEX [path/NEW_PHOTO_PATH]`

<box type="info" icon=":fa-solid-magnifying-glass:">

Below are some examples on how to use the command:
* `updatephoto 1 path/C:/photos/new_johndoe.jpg`: Updates the photo to the contact at index 1 with a new image from the specified path.
* `updatephoto 2 path/D:/images/new_betsycrowe.png`: Updates the photo to the contact at index 2 with a new image from the specified path.

</box>  

<box type="warning">

* You should provide a positive integer that is smaller than or equal to the number of contacts currently displayed in CampusConnect for `PERSON_INDEX`. 
* You can get the path to the photo by using the following steps: 
  * Right click on the photo that you want to use.
  * Choose the option: Copy as path (on Windows) or Copy "name_of_file" as Pathname (on MacOS).
  * After pasting the copied path in CampusConnect, remember to remove the double quotation marks!

>   ![photo_path](images/photopath.png)

Reviewer: Should this be under the warning section? Perhaps you can shift it to after the line `format` to introduce to users how to get `NEW_PHOTO_PATH`
